## Science Application Metadata Guidance - Overview

This project was created to develop a Science Applications Metadata Guidance
documentation. The documentation was developed using Quarto
(https://quarto.org/) within the RStudio environment.

*Note*: This is a working draft that will continue to be edited.

If you have questions/concerns regarding this guidance, please contact the FWS
SA National Data Steward (sadatasteward\@fws.gov) or Blake Massey
(blake_massey\@fws.gov).

### Requirements

-   R and RStudio
-   Git (or Github Desktop)

## How to use this Project

Updates can be made (and submitted as pull requests) directly in the GitHub
environment or through a desktop process via Git.

The entire code can be downloaded and opened as a RStudio Project.

The essential file structure is as follows:

-   index.qmd = The Quarto markdown file that is the Website 'homepage'. In
    RStudio, this is file that is used to "render" the whole Website.

-   \_quarto.yml = The configuration file that determines the options and
    structure of the Website.

-   contents/ = The folder with all of the Quarto markdown files

-   assets/ = The folder with all of the images used in the Website.

-   css/ = The folder with the CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) used to specify the
    presentation and styling of the HTML webpages.

## Contributing

Information for users and developers interested in contributing to this site
should visit the
\![Wiki\](<https://github.com/USFWS/sciapps_metadata_guidance/wiki>) for this
project.

Additionally, if you’d like to give feedback, please consider reporting a typo
or leaving a pull request at https://github.com/USFWS/sciapps_metadata_guidance.

Contact the project coordinator (blake_massey\@fws.gov) for information about
any additional contributions.

## Disclaimer

This software is preliminary or provisional and is subject to revision. It is
being provided to meet the need for timely best science. The software has not
received final approval by the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service (USFWS). No
warranty, expressed or implied, is made by the USFWS or the U.S. Government as
to the functionality of the software and related material nor shall the fact of
release constitute any such warranty. The software is provided on the condition
that neither the USFWS nor the U.S. Government shall be held liable for any
damages resulting from the authorized or unauthorized use of the software.

## License

This content was created by U.S. Government employees as part of their official
duties. This content is not subject to copyright in the United States (17 U.S.C.
§105) and is in the public domain within the United States of America.
Additionally, copyright is waived worldwide through the CC0 1.0 Universal public
domain dedication.
